I would say not just for junior officers, but for everyone even enlisted.
You have to know, um, how much you can afford you Have you have
your cash? Um, laid out annually. You set some kind of budget, decide
if I'm making 60,000. Just live off of 50,000 and then split that
up by months. And then that's the life that you can afford. So budgeting
is really, really useful. I personally didn't need a budget, because
I, um I lived as cheap as possible. And I just knew, You know,
like, I have a $5000 check coming in every month and I live off of
1000 maybe $2000 per month then, um, yeah, all the rest of this goes
and savings, but I know a lot of people aren't aren't like that. Some
people have family that they have to like, they'd be out money to.
Um, yeah, some people have espouses that really are very materialistic.
And, yeah, like, debt is a really big problem in the military.
So, um, a song. You keep a budget, you should be fine.